what bird has the most elaborate the
most complex beautiful solid world I
guess there are lots of contenders but
this bird must be one of them the superb
lab he clears a space in the forest to
serve as his concert platform to
persuade females the current clothes and
admire his plumes he sings the most
complex on he can manage and he does
that by copying the songs of all the
other birds here's around him such as
the kookaburra it's a benek and greeting
impersonation even the original is for
me he can imitate the cause of at least
20 different species he also in his
attempt to auction his rivals
incorporates other songs that he hears
in the forest that was a camera front
and again and now a camera with a motor
drive
I need to pay the lane and now the sound
katana stirs and their chainsaws working
nearby